He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	served as	He	the first Prime Minister of	Australia
He served as the first Prime Minister of Australia and became a founding justice of the High Court of Australia .	became	He	a founding justice of the High Court of	Australia
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	handcuffed	Graner	him	to the bars of a cell window
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	left	Graner	him	there	for nearly five hours
Graner handcuffed him to the bars of a cell window and left him there , feet dangling off the floor , for nearly five hours .	left handcuffed to	Graner	him	the bars of a cell window	for nearly five hours
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	direct taxes
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	indirect taxes
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	tax credits
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	drug smuggling
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases of fraud in relation to	It	money laundering
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	United Nations trade sanctions
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	conflict diamonds
It deals with cases of fraud in relation to direct taxes and indirect taxes , tax credits , drug smuggling , and money laundering , cases involving United Nations trade sanctions , conflict diamonds and CITES .	deals with cases involving	It	CITES
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	was considered to be	St. Michael	the patron saint of colonial Maryland
Because of this association , St. Michael was considered to be the patron saint of colonial Maryland , and as such was honored by the river being named for him .	was honored	St. Michael	by the river being named for him
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	was happening upon	The show	spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements
The show was designed to appear as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland , happening upon spoof adverts , short sketches , and recurring show elements .	was designed to appear	The show	as if the viewer was channel surfing through a multi-channel wasteland
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .	was abandoned	the remaining trackage	at Charles City	Several years later
Several years later the remaining trackage at Charles City was abandoned .	was at	the remaining trackage	Charles City
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	was personally involved	Dr. Jagan	in the organization of the strike
Dr. Jagan himself was personally involved in the organization of the strike , and helped to raise funds across the country to it .	helped to raise	Dr. Jagan	funds across the country
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was renamed	the municipality	Jones	In 1918
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was renamed in honor of	the municipality	American congressman William Jones	In 1918
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	authored	American congressman William Jones	the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was of	the Philippine Autonomy Act	1916
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	provided for	the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916	greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule
In 1918 , the municipality was renamed Jones in honor of American congressman William Jones , who authored the Philippine Autonomy Act of 1916 that provided for greater autonomy for the Philippines under American colonial rule .	was under	the Philippines	American colonial rule
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	cuts a portion of	the laser	the prostate
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	cuts Instead of ablating	the laser	the tissue
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	is cut into	a portion of the prostate	smaller pieces	then
Instead of ablating the tissue , the laser cuts a portion of the prostate , which is then cut into smaller pieces and flushed with irrigation fluid .	is flushed with	a portion of the prostate	irrigation fluid	then
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was the last Axis surface raider to enter	`` Kormoran ''	Australian waters	until 1943
`` Kormoran '' was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks in Australian waters during 1941 and the last Axis surface raider to enter Australian waters until 1943 .	was the only Axis ship to conduct attacks	`` Kormoran ''	in Australian waters	during 1941
He and his friends were said to have made bombs for fun on the outskirts of Murray , Utah .	were said to have made	his friends	bombs for fun	on the outskirts of Murray , Utah
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	was erected in 	A large gravestone 	1866
A large gravestone was erected in 1866 , over 100 years after his death .	was erected in 	A large gravestone 	over 100 years after his death
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	was re-elected	he	Senator	U.S.	In 1879
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	was tipped as	he	a Presidential candidate	In 1879
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	died suddenly	he	In 1879
In 1879 , he was re-elected U.S. Senator and was tipped as a Presidential candidate , but died suddenly after giving a speech in Chicago .	died after giving	he	a speech	in Chicago	In 1879
Each of the programs uses a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants , described on the foundation 's web site .	uses	Each of the programs	a combination of funding priorities and geographic requirements to select grants
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a free-market think tank
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a Swiss think tank
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a classical liberal think tank
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	The Institut Constant de Rebecque	a classical libertarian think tank
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	Benjamin Constant	a writer
The Institut Constant de Rebecque is a Swiss free-market , classical liberal and libertarian think tank founded in January 2005 in Lausanne , named after writer and political philosopher Benjamin Constant .	is	Benjamin Constant	a political philosopher
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	can be required for	high bit depths	film work
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	was over	this adoption	mainline gimp
The main reason for this adoption over mainline gimp was its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work .	was The main reason for	its support for high bit depths which can be required for film work	this adoption over mainline gimp
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	have a large range of	They	possible power supplies
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	380V
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	1000V
They have a large range of possible power supplies , and can be 380V , 1000V , or even higher .	can be	They	even higher
She began her film career in 1947 in the film `` A New Oath '' .	began	She	her film career	in 1947
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai ,	a red giant of spectral type K2III
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	Alpha Serpentis	Unukalhai
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	is	Alpha Serpentis	the brightest star in Serpens
The brightest star in Serpens , Alpha Serpentis , or Unukalhai , is a red giant of spectral type K2III located approximately away which marks the snake 's heart .	marks	Alpha Serpentis	the snake 's heart of Serpens
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for using spies
This manual for warriors describes the necessity for understanding an opponent 's weaknesses , for using spies , and for striking in moments of weakness .	describes	This manual for warriors	the necessity for striking in moments of weakness
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	was to promote into the senior team	club policy	talent
It was club policy to promote talent into the senior team that was adopted by Bill Dimovski .	was adopted by	the senior team	Bill Dimovski
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	against other viral diseases followed	Vaccinations	rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur	in 1886
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	by	rabies vaccination	Louis Pasteur	in 1886
Vaccinations against other viral diseases followed , including the successful rabies vaccination by Louis Pasteur in 1886 .	against other	Vaccinations	viral diseases	followed
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	follows in the development of flashbulb accounts	the Photographic Model	more of a step-by-step process
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	demonstrates	the Comprehensive Model	an interconnected relationship between the variables
One major difference between the two models is that the Photographic Model follows more of a step-by-step process in the development of flashbulb accounts , whereas the Comprehensive Model demonstrates an interconnected relationship between the variables .	is between	One major difference	the two models
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were able to reinforce	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	the hotel	That night
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were able to defeat	300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion	several attacks on the building	That night
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were on	several attacks	the building	That night
That night , 300 soldiers of the 1st SS Battalion were able to reinforce the hotel and defeat several attacks on the building .	were of	300 soldiers	the 1st SS Battalion
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was	His son	John Crozier Jr.
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed in	His son	a feud	Grainger County	in the 1890s
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was	His son	an early aviation pioneer
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was building	His son	a human-powered flying machine	in the 1890s
His son , John Crozier , Jr. , was an early aviation pioneer who began building a human-powered flying machine in the 1890s , but was killed in a feud in Grainger County before he could complete it .	was killed before he could complete	His son	a human-powered flying machine	in Grainger County	in the 1890s
Arminius , leader of the Cherusci and allies , now had a free hand .	had 	Arminius 	 a free hand
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	literature	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	religion	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	customs	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	national dress code	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	the monastic practices of the monasteries	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	music	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	dance	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of	The culture	the media	of Bhutan
The culture of Bhutan is fully reflected in the capital city in respect of literature , religion , customs , and national dress code , the monastic practices of the monasteries , music , dance , literature and in the media .	is fully reflected in	The culture of Bhutan	the capital city
`` My Classical Way '' was released on 21 September 2010 on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music .	was released on	`` My Classical Way ''	on Marc 's own label , Frazzy Frog Music	21 September 2010
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981	In England
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981	In Wales
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	the Criminal Attempts Act	of 1981
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment	In England
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is	attempted murder as an `` attempt ''	an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment	in Wales
In England and Wales , as an `` attempt '' , attempted murder is an offence under section 1 of the Criminal Attempts Act 1981 and is an indictable offence which carries a maximum penalty of life imprisonment .	is as	attempted murder	an `` attempt ''
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	were released and continue to reside in	Lugo and Lozano	Venezuela	1993
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	were released in	Lugo and Lozano	1993
Lugo and Lozano were released in 1993 and continue to reside in Venezuela .	continue to reside in	Lugo and Lozano	Venezuela
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .	are	objects	so far away	Often
Often , objects are so far away that they do not contribute significantly to the final image .	do not contribute significantly to	objects that are so far away	the final image	Often
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded as	The school	the German-English Academy	in Milwaukee	in 1851
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was founded by	The German-English Academy	a group of Milwaukee German Americans	in Milwaukee	in 1851
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	The Milwaukee German Americans	a group	in Milwaukee	in 1851
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	was	William Frankfurth	a hardware wholesaler	in Milwaukee	in 1851
The school was founded in 1851 as the German-English Academy by a group of Milwaukee German Americans that included educationist Peter Engelmann and hardware wholesaler William Frankfurth .	included	The group	Peter Engelmann and William Frankfurth	in Milwaukee	in 1851
They held the first Triangle workshop in 1982 for thirty sculptors and painters from the US , the UK and Canada at Pine Plains , New York .	held	They	the first Triangle workshop	at Pine Plains , New York	in 1982
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	hit	two moderate earthquakes	The town and surrounding villages	within ten years
The town and surrounding villages were hit by two moderate earthquakes within ten years .	hit	moderate earthquakes	within ten years
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	received	She	her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation	from I.I.T Madras
She received her Master Degree in the field of Controls , Guidance and Instrumentation from I.I.T Madras and Ph.d degree from the department of Aerospace engineering .	received	She	her Ph.d degree	from the department of Aerospace engineering
The theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks she used in her stage show went beyond established burlesque routines like the fan dance and balloon dance .	used	she	theatrical flourishes and unique gimmicks	in her stage show
The RIAA lists it as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time .	lists it	The RIAA	as one of the Best Selling Albums of All Time
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	personal English as a second language	at his home in Brighton	When the band is not touring
When the band is not touring , Peter Bywaters offers personal English as a second language tuition on a live-in basis at his home in Brighton .	offers	Peter Bywaters	tuition on a live-in basis	at his home in Brighton	When the band is not touring
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	review of group-based data
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	hearing screening
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	vision screening
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	motor screening
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	speech/language screening
These screening activities include : review of group-based data ; hearing , vision , motor , and speech/language screening ; and review by the Special Education administration .	include	These screening activities	review by the Special Education administration
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	probably saw active service as	He	a soldier for the Scottish forces	in The Netherlands	in the later 1570s
He probably saw active service as a soldier for the Scottish forces in The Netherlands in the later 1570s , although there is no certain documentary evidence of this .	is there	no certain documentary evidence	of this
The Nazis did however permit a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg , conducted by Clemens Krauss on 16 August , in order that Strauss and an invited audience could hear the work performed .	did however permit	The Nazis	a single dress rehearsal in Salzburg
This is usually caused by interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator .	is usually caused by	This	interacting inductive and capacitive elements in the oscillator
Sligo town then became an incorporated municipal borough with a Royal Charter issued by the British King James I in 1613/14 .	became	Sligo town	an incorporated municipal borough	then
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	joined	Tom McMorran	the band after Mark Portmann left	in 1994
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	released	the band	`` Sahara ''	in August of 1994
Tom McMorran joined the band in 1994 after Mark Portmann left and in August of that year the band released `` Sahara '' .	left	Mark Portmann	the band	in 1994
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	reads 	she 	the articles
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	makes 	she 	veiled references relating to the slang use of `` beaver ''
As she reads the articles , she also makes veiled references and innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver '' .	makes 	she 	innuendo relating to the slang use of `` beaver ''
23.8 % of all households were made up of individuals and 13.0 % had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older .	 made up of 	23.8 % of all households 	individuals
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would not return to	Overseas teams	Russia	until 1998
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	was held in	a youth tournament	Russia	in Moscow	in 1998
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to	Overseas teams	Russia	in Moscow	in 1998
Overseas teams would not return to Russia until 1998 , when a youth tournament was held in Moscow .	would return to Russia when	Overseas teams	a youth tournament was held	in Moscow	in 1998
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	had been shown to be overstretched by	The British Army	the Crimean War
The British Army had been shown to be overstretched by the Crimean War , while the mutiny in India had led to the responsibility for providing a garrison in the subcontinent from the Honourable East India Company to the Crown forces .	had led to the responsibility for providing	the mutiny in India	a garrison	in the subcontinent
Just above seen is a replica of a Shiva lingam .	is seen	a replica of a Shiva lingam	Just above
The ninth leaf contains a circular world map measuring in circumference .	contains	The ninth leaf	a circular world map
It hosts the `` Zomercarnaval '' , the second largest Caribbean carnival in Europe , originally called the Antillean carnival .	hosts	It	the `` Zomercarnaval ''
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	is defined as	The power cepstrum of a signal	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal
The power cepstrum of a signal is defined as the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal .	is	The power cepstrum	the squared magnitude of the inverse Fourier transform of the logarithm of the squared magnitude of the Fourier transform of a signal
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	adult lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	adult lodge members	active staff members of Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	Many lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps
Many lodge members , youth and adult , are active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps .	are	youth lodge members	active staff members of both Scout and Cub Scout camps
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	From 1970
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	to 1985
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	taught at	Gideon Rodan	the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine	until he switched over to Merck
From 1970 to 1985 , Gideon Rodan taught at the University of Connecticut School of Dental Medicine until he switched over to Merck .	switched over to	Gideon Rodan	Merck
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	are known as	These	Porter 's three generic strategies
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	are	Porter 's three strategies	generic
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	can be applied to	Porter 's three generic strategies	any size of business
These are known as Porter 's three generic strategies and can be applied to any size or form of business .	can be applied to	Porter 's three generic strategies	any form of business
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	includes	the protocol	support groups
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	includes	the protocol	psychotherapy
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	the protocol also includes	For patients who do not recover quickly	support groups
For patients who do not recover quickly , the protocol also includes support groups and/or psychotherapy .	the protocol also includes	For patients who do not recover quickly	psychotherapy
They do n't possess eyelids so they must lick their eyeballs clean in order to keep them moist .	must lick their eyeballs clean	they	in order to keep them moist
They acquired the Charles City Western on December 31 , 1963 .	acquired	They	the Charles City Western	on December 31 , 1963
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	was born in	Hofmann	Salt Lake City , Utah
Hofmann was born in Salt Lake City , Utah .	was born	Hofmann	in Salt Lake City , Utah
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won from	Salahuddin	Patharghatti assembly seat	In 1962
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won as	Salahuddin	an Independent candidate	In 1962
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won from	Salahuddin	Charminar constituency	in 1967
In 1962 , Salahuddin won from Patharghatti assembly seat as an Independent candidate and later from Charminar constituency in 1967 .	won as	Salahuddin	an Independent candidate	in 1967
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes 	the triangle area	 Quanzhou
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes 	the triangle area	 Xiamen
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	includes 	the triangle area	 Zhangzhou
Around the `` triangle area , '' which includes Quanzhou , Xiamen and Zhangzhou , locals all speak Minnan languages .	speak 	locals 	 Minnan languages 	 around the triangle area
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	noted	Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle	`` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness ''
Childers 's biographer Andrew Boyle noted : `` For the next ten years Childers 's book remained the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness '' .	remained	Childers 's book	the most powerful contribution of any English writer to the debate on Britain 's alleged military unpreparedness	For the next ten years
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won	the Brumbies	47 to 38	at Canberra Stadium	this time
Though this time , the Brumbies won , 47 to 38 in front of a record crowd at Canberra Stadium .	won in front of	the Brumbies	a record crowd	at Canberra Stadium	this time
A different judge then ordered the case reviewed by a higher court .	ordered 	A different judge 	 the case reviewed by a higher court
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .	are also understood to 	 environmental factors	  contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships
As a result , environmental factors are also understood to contribute heavily to the strength of intimate relationships .	are also understood to contribute heavily to	environmental factors  	  the strength of intimate relationships
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	would receive praise	Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral	years later
Callaghan 's decision on the Japanese pilot 's funeral in 1945 would receive praise years later , although a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri '' in April 2001 attracted controversy .	attracted controversy	a memorial service aboard the `` Missouri ''	in April 2001
After this she became very ill with a severe cold or pneumonia .	 became 	 she 	 very ill 	 after this
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is in	Henry Wood Hall	Glasgow
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is also used as	The RSNO 's base	its recording venue
The RSNO 's base is at Henry Wood Hall in Glasgow and is also used as its recording venue ; a new base is being constructed within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street .	is being constructed	a new base	within the Royal Concert Hall , Buchanan Street
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is	His main power	the Omega Beam
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is	the Omega Beam	a form of energy
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is a form of that he fires from	the Omega Beam	his eyes
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	fires from his eyes as	the Omega Beam	a concussive force
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	fires from his eyes as	the Omega Beam	disintegrating energy
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of transmuting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of erasing	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of transmuting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of erasing	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of resurrecting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	living objects
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	is capable of resurrecting	the Omega Beam disintegrating energy	organisms
His main power , the Omega Beam , is a form of energy that he fires from his eyes as either a concussive force or disintegrating energy , capable of transmuting or erasing living objects and organisms from existence as well as resurrecting them , depending on the dark lord 's will .	depending on the	the Omega Beam	dark lord 's will
The 2005 model introduced a third row of seats to the Pathfinder line for the first time .	introduced to the Pathfinder line	The 2005 model	a third row of seats	for the first time
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	also provides to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis	The district	recreation services
The district also provides recreation and leisure services to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis .	also provides to many non-residents of the area on a fee basis	The district	leisure services
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .	of acquiring Esperanto	The very ease	might even accelerate the process
The very ease of acquiring Esperanto might even accelerate the process .	might accelerate	the process of acquiring Esperanto
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	Hauptmann looked different
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	`` John '' was actually dead
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	further stated that	He	`` John '' had been murdered by his confederates
He further stated that Hauptmann looked different and that `` John '' was actually dead because he had been murdered by his confederates .	had	`` John ''	confederates
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	also performs	The RSNO	throughout Scotland
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Usher Hall
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Caird Hall
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Aberdeen Music Hall
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Perth Concert Hall
The RSNO also performs throughout Scotland , at such venues as the Glasgow Royal Concert Hall , Usher Hall , Caird Hall , Aberdeen Music Hall , Perth Concert Hall and Eden Court Inverness .	performs at such venues as	The RSNO	Eden Court Inverness
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was reunited with	Alvarez	his family	in New York	Five years later
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was able	his father	to start a business	in Hoboken , New Jersey
Five years later , Alvarez was reunited with his family in New York and his father was able to start a business in Hoboken , New Jersey .	was able to start	his father	a business	in Hoboken , New Jersey
The Anti-Monitor began to siphon the positive matter of New York City to create his Antimatter waves .	began to siphon	The Anti-Monitor	the positive matter of New York City
These tracks have subsequently been included on CD reissues of the album `` The Plan '' .	have been included on	These tracks	CD reissues of the album `` The Plan ''	subsequently
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	develops significance as	He	a recurrent character in the series
He develops significance both as a recurrent character in the series and friend to Dream , appearing in a total of seven issues spanning six hundred years .	develops significance as	He	a friend to Dream
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	released	Davis	about 25 singles	during his seven years with Dakar
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	produced	Willie Henderson	Davis big R&B sellers
Davis released about 25 singles during his seven years with Dakar , most of them big R&B sellers produced by Willie Henderson .	produced	Willie Henderson	big R&B singles
In 2010 , popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia delivered a scathing video critique of the film , drawing negative comparisons to The Three Stooges , Looney Tunes , and `` Home Alone '' .	delivered	popular internet reviewers RedLetterMedia	a scathing video critique of the film	In 2010
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were to regain	repeated attempts	the throne
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were by	repeated attempts to regain the throne	the deposed House of Stewart	Within England
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were by	repeated attempts to regain the throne	the deposed House of Stewart	especially Within Scotland
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were leading to	repeated attempts to regain the throne	severe uprisings	Within England
Within England and especially Scotland , there were repeated attempts by the deposed House of Stewart to regain the throne , leading to severe uprisings .	were leading to	repeated attempts to regain the throne	severe uprisings	especially Within Scotland
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	squadrons	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	personnel	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	squadrons	active duty	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	squadrons	active duty	during the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	squadrons	during the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were mobilized	personnel	during the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	personnel	active duty	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were recalled back to	personnel	active duty	during the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	squadrons were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Korean War
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	squadrons were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Berlin Crisis
These skills were readily proven when squadrons and personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty during the Korean War and the Berlin Crisis .	were readily proven when	These skills	personnel were mobilized and recalled back to active duty	during the Berlin Crisis
For example , when two such hydrophobic particles come very close , the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them merge .	merge	the clathrate-like baskets surrounding them	when two such hydrophobic particles come very close
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	is	Erasistratus	The doctor
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	is suffering	Antiochus
The doctor , Erasistratus , suspects love is behind Antiochus 's suffering .	suspects love is behind	The doctor	Antiochus 's suffering
The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849 , in particular , led to demands the local middle classes in Aberdare , for improved safety in the mines .	led to demands for	The Lletty Shenkin explosion of 1849	improved safety in the mines
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	observed	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice	in Istanbul	In 1717
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	attempted to popularize	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	the practice	in Britain	In 1717
In 1717 Lady Mary Wortley Montagu observed the practice in Istanbul and attempted to popularize it in Britain , but encountered considerable resistance .	encountered	Lady Mary Wortley Montagu	considerable resistance	in Britain	In 1717
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	will work	employees from both companies	together
The two companies are teaming up again for the Future Vertical Lift prototype called SB-1 Defiant , where employees from both companies will work together .	are teaming up again	The two companies	for the Future Vertical Lift prototype
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	had been at	He	the Battle of the Granicus River
He had been at the Battle of the Granicus River , and had believed that Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work here .	had believed that	He	Memnon 's scorched Earth strategy would work at the Battle of the Granicus River
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	uses	The film	some computer-generated graphics
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks through the fields to	Inge	Olaf 's house	in the film
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks through	Inge	the fields
The film uses some computer-generated graphics : The northern lights in the scene where Inge walks through the fields to Olaf 's house to take a bath , and , later in the film , the geese flying over Olaf 's house .	walks to	Inge	Olaf 's house
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	the Legislation	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	removes	Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law	the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	removes	the law	the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	provides state pensions to	the law	surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty
Legislation sponsored by Sweeney and signed into law provides state pensions to surviving family members of police , firefighters and emergency services workers who die in the line of duty , as well as the law that removes the remarriage prohibition to receive death benefits for spouses of police officers and firefighters killed while serving the public good .	signed into	Legislation	law
The latter was lifted only as the b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me '' .	was lifted as the	The latter	b-side of `` Keep on Loving Me ''
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Philippe Saisse
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Jasmine Roy
The first single , `` Dreamer , '' features performances by keyboardist Philippe Saisse , and vocalists Jasmine Roy and Rebeca Vega .	features performances by	The single	Rebeca Vega
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .	said	QVC Network Inc.	it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million .	completed its acquisition of	it	CVN Cos.	for about $ 423 million	C: QVC Network Inc. said
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint .	contended that	Mr. Ackerman	it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	are allies of	Both companies	Navigation Mixte
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	fight against	Navigation Mixte	a hostile takeover bid	last week
Both companies are allies of Navigation Mixte in its fight against a hostile takeover bid launched last week by Cie .	launched	Cie	a hostile takeover bid against Navigation Mixte	last week
After a break of four years , he became a Lord Justice of Appeal .	became 	he 	a Lord Justice of Appeal 	After a break of four years
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... .	says	Salomon Brothers	`` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	is	Paul Johanson	Monsanto 's director of plant sciences
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	said	Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences	the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	overcomes these problems	the company 's chemical spray	C: Paul Johanson said
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . ''	is	the company 's chemical spray	`` gentle on the female organ . ''	C: Paul Johanson said
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	is	Ms. Waleson	a free - lance writer
Ms. Waleson is a free - lance writer based in New York .	is based in	Ms. Waleson	New York
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	peddles	Premark International Inc.	the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator
Premark International Inc. , for example , peddles the M8.7sp Electronic Cycling Simulator , a $ 2,000 stationary cycle .	peddles	Premark International Inc.	a $ 2,000 stationary cycle
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate scientifically	Bioengineers	that feat
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate commercially	Bioengineers	that feat
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .	set out to duplicate that feat with	Bioengineers	new life forms
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	is in	Ogilvy & Mather unit	New York
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two - year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York .	is expected to spend on its two - year corporate campaign	The company	about $ 30 million	a year
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	soared	Great Northern Nekoosa	$ 20.125 a share
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	soared to	Great Northern Nekoosa	$ 62.875 a share
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia - Pacific is offering .	is offering	Georgia - Pacific	$ 58 a share
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	said	the company	The machine can run software written for other Mips computers
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said .	can run	The machine	software written for other Mips computers	the company said
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period .	compared with	That	an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year - earlier period
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	said	President Bush	that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	will lead a	three members of his cabinet	presidential mission	L: to Poland	C: President Bush said
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes .	to gauge	three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission	how the U.S. can help the new non - Communist government 's economic changes	L: to Poland	C: President Bush said
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	said	Stephen McCartin	his client welcomed the gamble
Stephen McCartin , Mr. Hunt 's attorney , said his client welcomed the gamble .	welcomed	his client	the gamble	C: Stephen McCartin said
One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city .	was supposed to check out	One group of middle - aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo	a trendy restaurant	in the city
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had to be talked into applying for	Boyer	a patent on their gene - splicing technique
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had to be talked into applying for	Cohen	a patent on their gene - splicing technique
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had	Boyer	a gene - splicing technique
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	had	Cohen	a gene - splicing technique
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene - splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .	refused to grant	the Patent Office	a patent on their gene - splicing technique	then
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point .	recent appearance	His	dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point	L: at the Metropolitan Museum
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .	says	she	`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain ''
`` There are some things that have gone on here that nobody can explain , '' she says .	that have gone on	some things	here that nobody can explain	C: she says
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	tracks technology stocks with	The brokerage firm	its Technology Index
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year .	appreciated	its Technology Index	only 10.59 %	in the first nine months of this year
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	worry more about things becoming so unraveled on	I	the other side that they might become unable to negotiate
I worry more about things becoming so unraveled on the other side that they might become unable to negotiate .	becoming so unraveled on the	I worry more about things	other side that they might become unable to negotiate
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	rendezvoused with	We	our balloon	finally
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	had come to rest on	our balloon	a dirt road
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	had come to rest amid	our balloon	a clutch of Epinalers
We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half - an - hour of non - flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .	watched us disassemble	a clutch of Epinalers	our craft
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to	A federation official	brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion	in Japan
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to brisk demand from	A federation official	domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion	in Japan
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan .	attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by	A federation official	continuing economic expansion	in Japan
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	could also help	it	American companies
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .	also are starting to try to open	American companies	the market
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age .	did n't know	A company spokesman	Mr. Wakeman 's age
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is Series 109	The offering
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is backed by	Series 109	Freddie Mac 10 % securities
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities .	is backed by	The offering	Freddie Mac 10 % securities
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points .	represents a spread to the 20 - year Treasury of	The 10.48 % yield	2.45 percentage points
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	said	Orkem	it would fund the acquisition through internal resources
Orkem , France 's third - largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources .	would fund	it	the acquisition	through internal resources	C: Orkem said
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''	ca n't do anything	I	score - wise
`` I ca n't do anything score - wise , but I like meeting the girls . ''	like meeting	I	the girls
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	have been hammered on	New York bonds	the pending supply	in recent weeks
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	have been hammered on	New York bonds	reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker	in recent weeks
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	rose	New York bonds	1\/2 point	yesterday
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .	is	the city	New York
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months .	have approved	Four other countries in Europe	Proleukin	in recent months
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was given	General Dynamics Corp.	an $ 843 million Air Force contract
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was for	an $ 843 million Air Force contract	F - 16 aircraft
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F - 16 aircraft and related equipment .	was for	an $ 843 million Air Force contract	F - 16 aircraft related equipment
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	had operating profit of	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	# 50 million	in the year ended March 31
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 .	had operating profit on	The divested Courtaulds textile operations	# 980 million in revenue	in the year ended March 31
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons .	are	the Monroe , Conn. couple	perfect demons When it comes to busting ghosts
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	said	A Coca - Cola spokesman	it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	is too early to say	it	how the joint venture would be structured	C: A Coca - Cola spokesman said
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	how the joint venture	it is too early to say	would be structured	C: A Coca - Cola spokesman said
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	said	A Coca - Cola spokesman	it is too early to say how much the company would invest in the transaction
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	is too early to say	it	how much the company would invest in the transaction	C: A Coca - Cola spokesman said
A Coca - Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .	how much the company would invest	it is too early to say	in the transaction	C: A Coca - Cola spokesman said
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	just want	We	a plan that satisfies creditors
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . ''	just want	We	a plan that leaves a healthy Revco
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .	have been training for	Some	months
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status .	left	others	active status	only recently
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	also said	Merrill	it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	is lobbying for	it	significant regulatory controls on program trading	including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements	C: Merrill also said
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down - payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures .	is lobbying for	it	limits on price moves for program - driven financial futures	C: Merrill also said
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	did not go as far as he could have	He	in tax reductions
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes .	indeed combined them with	he	increases in indirect taxes
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	is that	The problem	Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	weigh so heavily on	the coming months	Mr. Salinas
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas .	make decisions with	Japanese businesses	a view well beyond the coming months
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	said	A Ford spokesman	the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem .	is n't aware of	the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker	any injuries caused by the windshield problem	C: A Ford spokesman said
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	are buying	More big Japanese investors	U.S. mortgage - backed securities
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage - backed securities , reversing a recent trend .	are	mortgage - backed securities	U.S.
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	is that	An alternative explanation	the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	is that	a more convincing explanation	the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are intended to conform to	the new Soviet economic structures	a model other than that of the market
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are intended to conform to	the new Soviet social structures	a model other than that of the market
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are	the new economic structures	Soviet
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .	are	the new social structures	Soviet
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	is being administered	RU-486	only under strict supervision	in France
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor .	is being administered	RU-486	only in the presence of a doctor	in France
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .	made a final `` take - it - or - leave it '' offer on	President Bush	the minimum wage	Earlier this year
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .	will extend to five years or 60,000 miles For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule	Mazda	the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	included	The New York City issue	$ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	priced to yield	tax - exempt bonds	between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	priced to yield	The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds	between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	depending on	tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % ,	the maturity
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity .	depending on	The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax - exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % ,	the maturity
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	were just as eager as	the lawyers	the judge to wrap it up
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .	were eager to	the lawyers	wrap it up
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	headed for	Boyer	Wall Street	in 1980
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	headed for	Swanson	Wall Street	in 1980
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	established	Boyer	laboratory credentials
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .	established	Swanson	laboratory credentials
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	ended at	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998	95.11	on brokers screens	the day
Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended the day on brokers screens at 95.11 to yield 5.43 % .	ended to yield	Japan 's No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998	5.43 %	the day
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . ''	accused	He	Dow Jones of using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .	added	she	`` They 're getting some major wins ''
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added .	getting	They 're	some major wins	C: she added
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc .	Armstrong World Industries Inc.	agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to	Shaw Industries Inc
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	buy	traders	large amounts of stocks	In stock - index arbitrage
In stock - index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock - index futures and options .	sell	traders	large amounts of stocks	In stock - index arbitrage
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	70 people	this year
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds in retail	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	60 people	this year
Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300 - member staff .	adds to	Interstate / Johnson Lane Inc.	its 1,300 - member staff	this year
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating	its creditors	a second reorganization plan
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .	are	the final stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan	delicate
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	made	Trek	only traditional road bikes	previously
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .	says	Trek 's president , Dick Burke	`` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike ''
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	bred	Charles O. Givens	Tennessee Walking Horses	for six years
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	raised	Charles O. Givens	cattle	for four years
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	made a profit on	Charles O. Givens	Tennessee Walking Horses	never
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex - accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .	made a profit on	Charles O. Givens	cattle	never
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .	heads	Mr. Baker	the Kentucky Association of Science and Skeptics
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	outnumbered	Declining issues	advancers
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	were unchanged	224 issues
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged .	outnumbered	551 Declining issues	349 advancers
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	could Moreover help reassure its investors	such a sale	Armstrong
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	could Moreover deter	such a sale	the Belzbergs
Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .	own	the Belzbergs	a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed up with	He	a carpenter 's level
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	carefully measured	He	every surface
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured	He	every surface
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	showed	He	how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .	was caused by	the apparent shrinkage	the perspective
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is also located	A cafeteria	on the sixth floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is located	a chapel	on the 14th floor
A cafeteria is also located on the sixth floor , a chapel on the 14th floor , and a study hall on the 15th floor .	is located	a study hall	on the 15th floor
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	told	A casting director at the time	Scott	that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	had wished that	he	he 'd met him a week before	C: A casting director at the time told that
A casting director at the time told Scott that he had wished that he 'd met him a week before ; he was casting for the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon .	was casting for	he	the `` G.I. Joe '' cartoon
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	According to Samaritan tradition is derived from	the Samaritan ethnonym	the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion
According to Samaritan tradition , however , the Samaritan ethnonym is not derived from the region of Samaria , but from the fact that they were the `` Guardians '' of the true Israelite religion .	According to Samaritan tradition is not derived from	the Samaritan ethnonym	the region of Samaria
Applying this technique facilitates the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen .	facilitates	Applying this technique	the connection of the center of the foot with the lower abdomen
As a result , the lower river had to be dredged three times in two years .	had to be dredged three times	the lower river	in two years
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	fought	Barbara	a mugger
Barbara , however , unable to leave behind her vigilante life , fought a mugger and ultimately miscarried her child .	miscarried	Barbara	her child	ultimately
Chevalier fulfilled his promise the following year by erecting a shrine dedicated to the honour of Mary under the title of `` Our Lady of the Sacred Heart '' .	fulfilled	Chevalier	his promise	the following year
Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington filed an Ethics Committee complaint against Bond over his role in the ouster of Graves .	filed	Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington	an Ethics Committee complaint
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was barely hearable	it	in the northern portions of Atlanta
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was	it	a rimshot to	the southwest of the city
Due to the transmitter location being based in Tyrone and a smaller signal wattage , it was barely hearable in the northern portions of Atlanta beyond the downtown area or even the northern reaches of Fulton or DeKalb Counties , as it was a rimshot to the southwest of the city .	was being based	the transmitter location	in Tyrone
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Paddington	During the morning rush hours
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Reading	During the morning rush hours
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Paddington	During the evening rush hours
During the morning and evening rush hours some services run direct to/from Paddington and Reading .	run direct to/from	some services	Reading	During the evening rush hours
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	banned	the University	smoking	on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas	From the start of the first semester of 2010
From the start of the first semester of 2010 , the University banned smoking on any of its property , including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas .	banned smoking	the University	on any of its property	, including inside and outside buildings in areas that were once designated as smoking areas	From the start of the first semester of 2010
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	finds	He	himself	in a desert
He finds himself in a desert as a group of Neo Arcadians surround him , ending the game .	surround	a group of Neo Arcadians	him	in a desert
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	represented	He	Nickel Belt	in Sudbury
He represented the riding of Nickel Belt in the Sudbury , Ontario area .	represented	He	Nickel Belt	in Ontario
He was buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery .	was	He	buried in the Abbey of the Psalms mausoleum	at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	was a village	Aiseau	dedicated to agriculture
Historically , Aiseau was a village dedicated to agriculture , logging , but also to the industry .	logging to the industry	Aiseau	Historically
Hofmann was a below-average high school student , but he had many hobbies including magic , electronics , chemistry , and stamp and coin collecting .	electronics chemistry stamp coin collecting	Hofmann	high school student
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	recently stated it no longer produces	BAE Systems	land mines
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	from various human rights groups	BAE Systems
However , after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups , BAE Systems recently stated it no longer produces land mines or cluster bombs .	after pressure campaigns from various human rights groups	BAE Systems
However , when the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match , vaccines fail to protect the vaccinees .	fail to protect the vaccinees when	vaccines	the antigenicities of the seed strains and wild viruses do not match
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	points in a	the average magnetization vector	nonparallel direction	before the relaxation is complete
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	giving	the average magnetization vector points in a nonparallel direction	suboptimal absorption of the pulse	before the relaxation is complete
If the second excitation pulse is sent prematurely before the relaxation is complete , the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction , giving suboptimal absorption and emission of the pulse .	giving	the average magnetization vector still points in a nonparallel direction	suboptimal emission of the pulse	before the relaxation is complete
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	won from	he	Yakutpura	In 1972
In 1972 , he won from Yakutpura and later in 1978 , again from Charminar .	won from	he	Charminar	in 1978
In 1972 , researchers found metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ .	found	researchers	metallic conductivity in the charge-transfer complex TTF-TCNQ	In 1972
In 2007 , Sun announced `` Project Indiana '' with several goals , including providing an open source binary distribution of the OpenSolaris project , replacing SXDE .	announced	Sun	`` Project Indiana ''	In 2007
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	co-opted	scam websites	a photograph of her	In 2010
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	health treatments
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was co-opted to promote	a photograph of her	penny auctions
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was unaware of	Theuriau	unauthorized usage of a photograph of her	initially
In 2010 , scam websites co-opted a photograph of her to promote health treatments , the ubiquitous `` 1 weird old tip '' belly fat diets , and penny auctions , unauthorized usage of which Theuriau was initially unaware .	was	Theuriau	her
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	regulate	two organizations	university athletics	In Canada
In Canada , there are two organizations that regulate university and collegiate athletics .	regulate	two organizations	collegiate athletics	In Canada
In October 2009 it was confirmed that the Byrom Street cutting was a hitching and unhitching point for trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel .	was confirmed a hitching point for	the Byrom Street cutting	trains being cable hauled to Edge Hill via the Victoria Tunnel	In October 2009
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	stated that	Holkins	he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France	In a news post
In a news post , Holkins stated that he reserved the right to bring Carl back any time Krahulik goes to France .	reserved the right to bring Carl back	Holkins	any time Krahulik goes to France
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	occupies In a typical case of substrate interference	a Language A	a given territory
In a typical case of substrate interference , a Language A occupies a given territory and another Language B arrives in the same territory .	arrives In a typical case of substrate interference	another Language B	in the same territory
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	told	Condon	FBI Special Agent Turrou	that Hauptmann was not John
In fact , Condon , after seeing Hauptmann in a lineup at New York Police Department Greenwich Street Station told FBI Special Agent Turrou that Hauptmann was not `` John , '' the man to whom Condon claimed he passed the ransom money to in St. Raymond 's Cemetery .	passed	he	the ransom money	to John	L: in St. Raymond 's Cemetery	C: Condon claimed
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered	UTA	77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered from	UTA	Siemens AG
In order to support planned TRAX expansion , UTA ordered 77 Siemens S70 light rail vehicles from Siemens AG .	ordered to support	UTA	planned TRAX expansion
In the 1960s and 70s most of Kabul 's economy depended on tourism .	depended on	most of the economy	tourism	in Kabul	In the 1960s
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	strong prosecution of the Union War effort	In the Civil War
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	the end of slavery	In the Civil War
In the Civil War , he advocated strong prosecution of the Union War effort , the end of slavery , and civil rights for freed African Americans .	advocated	he	civil rights for freed African Americans	In the Civil War
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	were thought to be	his chances of surviving	no better than 50-50	Initially
Initially his chances of surviving were thought to be no better than 50-50 .	were of	his chances	surviving
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	are inclusive of any of	numbers	the childminders own children
It should be noted that these numbers are inclusive of any of the childminders own children .	are inclusive of	these numbers	the childminders own children
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	it seems had a genuine desire to become	Keats	a doctor	at this point
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had medical training with	Keats	Hammond
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had medical training at	Keats	Guy 's Hospital
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had	Keats	long medical training
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	had	Keats	expensive medical training
Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital led his family to assume he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine , assuring financial security , and it seems that at this point Keats had a genuine desire to become a doctor .	led his family to assume	Keats 's long and expensive medical training with Hammond and at Guy 's Hospital	he would pursue a lifelong career in medicine
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	graduated from	Kim	Ballard High School	in Louisville , Kentucky	in 1989
Kim graduated from Ballard High School in Louisville , Kentucky , in 1989 and from Oberlin College in Ohio in 1993 where he double-majored in Government and English and played for the varsity lacrosse team .	graduated from	Kim	Oberlin College	in Ohio	in 1993
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	believes that if	Lemmy	Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	ended up exchanging	they	a few words
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	left	Clarke	the studio
Lemmy believes that if Will Reid Dick had not been there , they could have worked through the problems , but ended up exchanging a few words and Clarke left the studio .	had been	Will Reid Dick	there
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	had a median income of	Males	$ 36,016
Males had a median income of $ 36,016 versus $ 32,679 for females .	had a median income of	females	$ 32,679
Meanwhile , the Mason City Division continued to operate as usual .	continued to operate as usual	the Mason City Division	Meanwhile
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	produce figures between	Models	15,000 soldiers
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	produce figures between	Models	36,000 soldiers
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	the size of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	the room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts
Models , taking into account the size and room number of the barrack blocks in the Gorgan Wall forts and likely occupation density , produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers .	taking into account	Models produce figures between 15,000 and 36,000 soldiers	likely occupation density
Modernity has been blended without sacrificing on the traditional Buddhist ethos .	has been blended without sacrificing on	Modernity	the traditional Buddhist ethos
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	belonged to	1 individual	the Christian Catholic faith
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	was Of	1 individual	the rest of the population
Of the rest of the population , there was 1 individual who belonged to the Christian Catholic faith .	belonged to	1 individual Of the rest of the population	the Christian Catholic faith
Originally , Hank McCoy retains the basic features of a normal human alongside a generally simian physiology equivalent to that of a Great Ape .	retains the basic features of	Hank McCoy	a normal human	Originally
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	a mining company
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is incorporated in	Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd.	the Islamic Republic of Pakistan
Pakistan Chrome Mines Ltd. is a mining company incorporated in the Islamic Republic of Pakistan .	is	the Republic of Pakistan	Islamic
Parental investment is any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring .	is	Parental investment	any expenditure of resources to benefit one offspring
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	have been planted marking	Plants	parts of the foundations of the castle
Plants have been planted marking parts of the foundations of the castle , so the positions of some of the buildings can still be inferred .	can still be inferred of	the positions	some of the buildings
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns to	Scarpetta	Virginia
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns in	Scarpetta	`` Trace ''
Scarpetta returns to Virginia in `` Trace '' , convincing herself that she was fired from her position , at the request of her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus .	returns at the request of	Scarpetta	her replacement , Dr. Joel Marcus
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	died in	She	October 1915
She died in October 1915 of a heart attack .	died of	She	a heart attack
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was ordered to be rebuilt on	She	9 March 1724
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was taken in hand at	She	Deptford Dockyard
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was taken in hand by	She	Master Shipwright Richard Stacey
She was ordered to be rebuilt on 9 March 1724 , and was taken in hand at Deptford Dockyard by Master Shipwright Richard Stacey .	was	Richard Stacey	Master Shipwright
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	was born on	Shea	September 5 , 1900
Shea was born on September 5 , 1900 in San Francisco , California .	was born in	Shea	San Francisco , California
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	flew through	Superboy-Prime	the Anti-Monitor 's chest
Superboy-Prime , seeing an opportunity to defeat the now-weakened Anti-Monitor , flew through the Anti-Monitor 's chest and hurled his shattered body into space .	hurled	Superboy-Prime	Anti-Monitor 's shattered body	into space
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	was raised	The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry	at Winchester	in January 1858
The 2nd Battalion of the 13th Light Infantry was raised at Winchester in January 1858 .	was of	the 13th Light Infantry	The 2nd Battalion
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	formed	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	in 1886
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	is	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	a federal law enforcement organization
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , formed in 1886 , is a federal law enforcement organization within the United States Department of Justice .	is within	The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives	the United States Department of Justice
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized by	The CRZ	the Nepal members of the Naxalite movement
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized by	The CRZ	the Indian members of the Naxalite movement
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was organized in	The CRZ	a meeting	at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal	during August 2001
The CRZ was organized by the Nepal and Indian members of the Naxalite movement , in a meeting at Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal during August 2001 .	was at	a meeting	Siliguri in the Indian State of West Bengal	during August 2001
The Steinbrenner family added a monument to Monument Park on September 20 , 2010 to honor Steinbrenner .	added	The Steinbrenner family	a monument to honor Steinbrenner	Monument Park	on September 20 , 2010
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	runs	The Summer Programs Office	these programs
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	attend	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	camp	over the summer
The Summer Programs Office runs these programs , and many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students attend camp or classes over the summer .	attend	many Wardlaw-Hartridge Students	classes	over the summer
The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game was established in 2006 .	was established	The Triple-A Baseball National Championship Game	in 2006
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	ended	The Wilbur Cross Highway	in Sturbridge	formerly
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	sometimes call Haynes Street	locals	`` Old Route 15 ''
The Wilbur Cross Highway formerly ended in Sturbridge ; locals sometimes call Haynes Street and portions of Mashapaug Road `` Old Route 15 '' .	sometimes call portions of Mashapaug Road	locals	`` Old Route 15 ''
The `` Charleston Courier , '' founded in 1803 , and `` Charleston Daily News , '' founded in 1865 , merged to form the `` News and Courier '' in 1873 .	merged to form	The `` Charleston Courier '' and `` Charleston Daily News ''	the `` News and Courier ''	in 1873
The canal was dammed off from the river for most of the construction period .	was dammed off from	The canal	the river	for most of the construction period
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	was founded by	The city	the Western Town Lot Company	in 1880
The city was founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880 , and originally named Nordland , with the platted streets given Norwegian names .	was originally named	The city founded by the Western Town Lot Company in 1880	Nordland
The community is served by the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office .	is served by	The community	the United States Postal Service Hinsdale Post Office
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Deutsche Grammophon
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Dorian Recordings
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Newport Classic
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	Navona Records
The ensemble also has extensive recordings with Deutsche Grammophon , Dorian Recordings , Newport Classic , Navona Records , and under their own label .	also has extensive recordings with	The ensemble	their own label
The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity would have important consequences in later action against German forces in Tunisia .	would have important consequences in	The failure of 1st Armored to arrive intact and deploy as a single entity	later action against German forces in Tunisia
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	would be added to	The first five laps	the second part of the race
The first five laps would be added to the second part of the race and the overall result would be decided on aggregate .	would be decided	the overall result	on aggregate
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates	in East Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Tokyo
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Osaka
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Fukuoka
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates	in Southeast Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Jakarta
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Manila
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Singapore
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	played	the group	Guam
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Jakarta	in Southeast Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Manila	in Southeast Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Singapore	in Southeast Asia
The following tour featured extensive dates in East Asia , where the group played Tokyo , Osaka , Fukuoka , and Southeast Asia including Jakarta , Manila as well as Singapore and Guam .	featured	The following tour	extensive dates including Guam	in Southeast Asia
The insurer sponsored the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning in 1981 .	sponsored	The insurer	the golf tournament known as the New Orleans Open beginning	in 1981
The lodge is open from mid-May to mid-October , with two weeks starting in the end of August reserved for the Dartmouth First-Year Trips .	is open	The lodge	from mid-May to mid-October
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	the Faculty of Arts and Sciences
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Business School
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Law School
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are from	deans or designees	Harvard Medical School
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from the Faculty of Arts and Sciences	permanent members
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Business School	permanent members
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Law School	permanent members
The permanent members are the provost , the Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor and the deans or designees from the following Schools : the Faculty of Arts and Sciences , Harvard Business School , Harvard Law School and Harvard Medical School .	are	deans or designees from Harvard Medical School	permanent members
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are in	The pillars	a line
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are in a line on	The pillars	its both sides
The pillars in a line on its both sides are according to Doric or Greek style and their decorations are according to the Meenakshi Temple at Madurai in Tamil Nadu .	are according to	The pillars	Doric or Greek style
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	is usually held in	The race	late February / early March
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .	is in	The race	mixed eights
The rapids at the head of the South Fork were removed in 1908 .	were removed in	The rapids	1908
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Mineral Gray Metallic
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Inferno Red
The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10 came in Mineral Gray Metallic , Inferno Red , and Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat .	came in	The redesigned 2006 Ram SRT-10	Brilliant Black Crystal Clear Coat
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be reprocessed for	The residue	more dripping
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be strained through	The residue	a cheesecloth lined sieve
The residue can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as an ingredient for a fine beef stock .	can be reprocessed for more dripping and strained through a cheesecloth lined sieve as	The residue	an ingredient for a fine beef stock
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	reach	The rest of the group	a small shop
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	breaks through	the crocodile	a wall
The rest of the group reach a small shop , where Brady attempts to phone the Sheriff , but the crocodile breaks through a wall and devours Annabelle .	devours	the crocodile	Annabelle
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	climbed	The riders	off
The riders climbed off and began walking , shouting protests in general and in particular abuse at the race doctor , Pierre Dumas , whom some demanded should also take a test to see if he 'd been drinking wine or taking aspirin to make his own job easier .	began walking	The riders
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	has	The station	a concourse
The station has a concourse and ticket office area which was internally redesigned and reopened in mid-2012 .	has	The station	a ticket office area
The third known version is part number 2189014-00-212 , with at least one model being produced in February 1993 .	is	The third known version	part number 2189014-00-212
Then the fillets are put in a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery .	are put in	the fillets	a mix of olive oil , vinegar , sugar , garlic , chill peppers , and lots of parsley or celery	Then
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	had	35.00 % out of 47,604 households	children under the age of 18 living with them
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were	56.30 % out of 47,604 households	married couples living together
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	had	7.50 % out of 47,604 households	a female householder with no husband present
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were	32.50 % out of 47,604 households	non-families
There were 47,604 households out of which 35.00 % had children under the age of 18 living with them , 56.30 % were married couples living together , 7.50 % had a female householder with no husband present , and 32.50 % were non-families .	were There	47,604 households
These objects are thrown away if their screen projection is too small .	are thrown away if	These objects	their screen projection is too small
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were often related to	These	European conflict
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were aided by	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies
These were often related to European conflict , as the Stuart Pretenders were aided and encouraged by Britain 's continental enemies for their own ends .	were encouraged by	the Stuart Pretenders	Britain 's continental enemies
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 1-0	They	Milligan
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 3-0	They	Grand View
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat 0-0	They	Azusa Pacific
They beat Milligan 1-0 , Grand View 3-0 , Webber International 1-0 and Azusa Pacific 0-0 to win the NAIA National Championships .	beat to win	They	the NAIA National Championships
This engine was equipped with an electronically controlled carburetor .	was equipped with	This engine	an electronically controlled carburetor
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	was the main language of	the Welsh language	the nonconformist churches	in Wales
This had considerable implications for the Welsh language as it was the main language of the nonconformist churches in Wales .	had considerable implications for	This	the Welsh language
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was the founder of	Watson	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was the editor of	Watson	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was launched	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism	in January , 2007
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was shuttered	`` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism	in June , 2009
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was an online journal of media criticism	`` newcritics.com ''
Watson was the founder and editor of `` newcritics.com , '' an online journal of media and arts criticism launched in January , 2007 and shuttered in June , 2009 .	was an online journal of arts criticism	`` newcritics.com ''
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was introduced by	civilian government	the Americans	in Romblon	in 16 March 1901
When civilian government was introduced in Romblon by the Americans in 16 March 1901 , Banton was one of 11 new municipalities reinstated or created .	was one of	Banton	11 new municipalities reinstated or created	in Romblon	When civilian government was introduced  by the Americans in 16 March 1901
With no assigned task , the Cosmos expressed concern for what Battra might do .	expressed concern for	the Cosmos	what Battra might do
`` For a list of all medalists , please see the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists ''		see	the List of Great American Beer Festival medalists For a list of all medalists
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	other crops
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	cotton
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	soybeans
A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .	is almost impossible to apply to	A similar technique	rice
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	have been watching	Heathrow authorities	a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers	for some time
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . ''	may be `` lost ''	the Gauguin
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	said 	he 	he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	will examine 	he 	the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	C: he said
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine	he 	whether turning over the filings is self - incrimination .	C: he said
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	drew to a close	the London trading session
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was still listening to	the market	the parliamentary debate on the economy	As the London trading session drew to a close
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was expected to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	his approach to the British economy
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues .	was expected to clarify	new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major	his approach to currency issues
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	require less	patients	attention from nurses
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	require less	patients	attention from other staff
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are lower Because	room charges	patients require less attention from nurses
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are lower than	room charges	a regular room	at the Vermont hospital
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .	are about $ 100 less per day than	room charges	a regular room	at the Vermont hospital
Both reflect the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives .	reflect	Both	the dismissal of lower - level and shorter - tenure executives
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	emphasized	he	that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	new accounts	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	new sales	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	inquiries	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up	subsequent sales of stock funds	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	new accounts	September 's level	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	new sales	September 's level	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	inquiries	September 's level	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are up from	subsequent sales of stock funds	September 's level	this month
But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .	are subsequent	sales of stock funds
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .	does that at the cost of deepening	it	the taxpayer 's exposure
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .		But	it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	are n't reported	wire transfers from a standing account
But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .	are n't reported	wire transfers bigger than $ 10,000 from a standing account
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .		said 	Coca - Cola Co. 	it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd.
Coca - Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft - drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country .		is 	Fraser & Neave Ltd. 	its bottling franchisee 	L: in that country
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	said	Mr. Lane	Considered as a whole , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . ''	will be at least as effective for	the filings	investors following transactions	C: Mr. Lane said
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	effortlessly scoops up	Bert Campaneris	a groundball
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second .	effortlessly flips it to	Bert Campaneris	second
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	said	traders	Despite the modest gains the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines .	remains dull Despite	the market	the modest gains	C: traders said
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .	pores over	Mr. Sider	last wills and testaments	Early in the morning
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	said	Edison Brothers Stores Inc. 	it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto .	agreed to buy	it	229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores 	from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. 	C: Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	have raised	Few people	as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum	in the advertising business
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum .	raised	Alvin A. Achenbaum	hackles	in the advertising business
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly from	a passenger	Chardon , Neb.
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly to	a passenger	Denver
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly for as little as	a passenger	$ 89
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	can fly for	a passenger	as little as $ 89 to $ 109	from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company .	according to	a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109	prices quoted by the company
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	president of this financially troubled department store chain
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed	Hani Zayadi	chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is financially troubled	this department store chain
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is succeeding	Hani Zayadi	Frank Robertson
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is retiring early	Frank Robertson
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	was appointed effective	Hani Zayadi	Nov. 15
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .	is retiring	Frank Robertson	early
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	survive  forever	most poison pills	once they are adopted
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .	is	the problem	that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever .
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	voted to hold	Hungary 's Parliament	a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	to fill	a national referendum on an election	the new post of president
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	referendum on	a national	an election to fill the new post of president
Hungary 's Parliament voted to hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president .	voted to	Hungary 's Parliament	hold a national referendum on an election to fill the new post of president
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market .	those functions	account for	only about a third of the software market	In Japan
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .		is sold	PC software	In the U.S.
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis	according to	Lotus
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	is sold for	spreadsheets
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	is sold for	database analysis
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .	PC software	more than half is sold either for	spreadsheets or database analysis	In the U.S.
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	was the most active of	It	the 100 - share index
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	was the most active at	It	8.3 million shares
It was the most active of the 100 - share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday .	were traded	6.5 million of 8.3 million shares	by midday
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use PCs at half the rate of	Japanese office workers	their European counterparts
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use PCs at one - third the rate of	Japanese office workers	the Americans
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one - third that of the Americans .	use	European office workers	PCs
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing at	Labor costs	a far more rapid pace
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing in	Labor costs	the health care industry
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing in	Labor costs	other industries
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing	Labor costs	in the health care industry
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries .	are climbing	Labor costs	in other industries
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects .	has control	Mitsubishi	of some major projects	at home	Meanwhile
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from providing	Medical cooperatives	general - practitioner services
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from carrying out	Medical cooperatives	surgery
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	cancer patients
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	pregnant women
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are banned from treating	Medical cooperatives	pregnant women
Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general - practitioner services ( their main source of income ) , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .	are among	Medical cooperatives	the most successful	in the U.S.S.R.
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	said	Mr. Mulford	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . ''	have been exaggerated	reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed	C: Mr. Mulford said
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker .	fires	Mr. Ridley 's decision	the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury - car maker
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	suspected	Mr. Stoll	the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers .	was one of	the intruder	those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	announced	Lee Kuan Yew	his intention to retire next year	recently
Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .	though	Lee Kuan Yew announced his intention to retire next year	not necessarily to end his influence
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices .	can purchase	Repeat customers	luxury items at reduced prices
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	examined	Richard Newsom	Lincoln 's parent	T: last year
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	said	Richard Newsom	he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed .	also saw evidence that	he	crimes had been committed	C: Richard Newsom said
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions .	is confident he has	Sen. Mitchell	sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	said	The Chemical spokeswoman	the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	has examined	the bank	its methodologies	C: The Chemical spokeswoman said
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .	has examined	the bank	internal controls	C: The Chemical spokeswoman said
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	also asks the court to rule that	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	also asks the court to rule that	The Lone Star Steel lawsuit	the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	was due	$ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	in September
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	was n't paid	$ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment	in September
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .	is parent company	Lone Star Technologies
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	ruled that	The National Transportation Safety Board	pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected	mandatory preflight checks	the error
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected that	mandatory preflight checks	pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	would have detected that	mandatory preflight checks	pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to set	pilots	the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to set	pilots	the plane 's slats properly for takeoff
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .	failed to make	pilots	mandatory preflight checks
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly from	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	the average rate	at Monday 's auction
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly to	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	7.79 %	at Monday 's auction
The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 % .	rose slightly for	The discount rate on three - month Treasury bills	a bond - equivalent yield of 8.04 %	at Monday 's auction
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	is that	The effect	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	might have been barred	lawsuits
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	could proceed because of	lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late	the one - year extension
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	is	the extension	one - year
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one - year extension .	were filed too late	lawsuits
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset .	had profited handsomely by building	The executives	American National Can Co.
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	said	he	The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said .	was helped by	The market 's tempo	the dollar 's resiliency	C: he said
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise on international law and general matters	The office	foreign and multinational clients
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	foreign clients
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	multinational clients
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .	may be able to advise  on international law and general matters	The office	foreign clients
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	will be sold	The three existing plants
The three existing plants and their land will be sold .	will be sold	their land
This week , New York City announced a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers .	announced	New York City	a 10 - point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers	This week
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	agreed to sell	USG Corp.	its headquarters building here
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	agreed to sell to	USG Corp.	Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .	will lease	USG Corp.	the 19 - story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	says	Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) 	`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , ''
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) .	is spending	Business across the country	more time addressing this issue , ''	C: Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) says
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	says	he	`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus ''
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	wo n't be throwing	I	90 mph	C: he says
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80 - plus , '' he says .	will throw	I	80 - plus	C: he says
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	said	he	If working capital financing is not provided , the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	may have to slow	the RTC	{ S&L sales }	T: If working capital financing is not provided	C: he said
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales .	may have to dump	the RTC	acquired assets through fire sales	T: If working capital financing is not provided	C: he said
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	says	an official close to the case	`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us ''
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	told	Nobody	us	C: an official close to the case says
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	called	Nobody	us	C: an official close to the case says
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named .	asked not to be named	an official close to the case
